Folks, can I get
attention a little close?
First, I want to state that we do not
has been receiving water for over 12 hours.
-It is under every criticism.
- There will be water afterwards.
First, some practical information:
In a few steps we will be there.
None of you have been
in Norway before? You've been here?
No, but I have some relatives here
up so I can speak the language flawlessly.
People say I have
a world-class language drive.
It is totally sick in that case.
Then it's time for a family run.
Anyone want to be the first man?
Bjorn Gamling, you're the oldest. Maybe
you should take responsibility and jump first?
If anyone else wants to,
then they should be allowed it.
-Anyone else who wants to be a cheat?
-No, Bjorn can ...
Okay, if no one else has
I want to jump.
Surely there is a lot of honor in this?
Taking a clan is part of it
the most honorable thing you can do.
Let's just pull away
behind there, so Bjørn gets some running speed?
Then we look at
the other side, guys. To Valhalla!
It is so, yes ...
You can expect a lot of hard work,
but you will learn lots of new -
- and have some fun along the way. new
friends you will also get.
-Questions?
-Is it well paid?
-It's not pay.
-We don't get paid?
Not to complain, but the flow of information on the boat is quite random.
Quite unnecessary
when we sit so close to each other.
I did not know
before yesterday that we were going to Norway.
-So you got too little information?
-Absolutely.
There is some failure in your system.
But then it comes
some information for you.
You saw it? Everyone saw it?
-Was there a little bit there?
- You're a chieftain.
Should not
be like that when you boss?
It's not quite me,
the "fear-based leadership" scheme.
Can you stand as a witness?
Yes, Oddvar. You will
maybe be a deputy?
-Don't quite know, I do.
-You do not know?
What's the worst that can happen
if I don't take the clan?
-What's worse than being crushed?
-Just.
I do not know. I have received
message to bring you up here.
You should jump to save the family
for the burden you are as old.
I'm 47. It's not that old.
I have a couple of good years left.
-I drop the whole clan.
- Don't think I'm jumping, either.
Any of you who want to jump? No?
Do you think Bjørn Gamling liked
to be crushed against the cliffs down there?
It's about doing something honorable
which is bigger than you.
-It's just not very tempting.
-Greit. I'm just a slave.
I can't force you into anything.
Can you promise you won't
coming near Norheim?
No problem.
You'll never see us again.
Super. Okay. Good bye!
I am not excited
just to come home.
I've always had the focus
on looting and things like that -
- while all the others have established
themselves with wives and children and farm.
-I feel alone.
- But isn't that a bit ok?
Do what you want without having to
plan three full moons in advance?
I live in a tent. The only clothes
I have are the ones I stand and walk in.
I'm starting to feel pathetic.
You have to do something about it. A good one
a man like you should not be alone.
-You have plenty to offer.
- Not so much.
I almost think I have
hatch a plan already.
It's so insane
that it can work.
-There you are, yes. Did it go well?
-Yes, you'll never see them again.
-So it went very well.
-Good.
Orm? What's this?
Did you throw the old ones to death?
Yes, or they took the clan.
You've got the chance to rule
village. And people have to fold -
- in death because we have no food.
What kind of leadership?
-Are you satisfied?
- It's starting to go down.
No one else thinks so.
Then we have to agree to disagree,
something I'm going to start saying.
The chief and his men were going
been home a month ago.
Quite special that you do not
have done something to get them home.
It is up to Odin to decide that.
What should I do?
Surely we could sacrifice some slaves?
Sacrifice? There will be too much screaming and
leven. It costs more than it tastes.
Your wife is also on the ship.
You must be sickly worried.
I'm really worried. It would have been
incredibly unlucky if they didn't come home.
Then I would be seated
with the permanent responsibility here.
-Isn't that what you dream of?
-I'm first in the inheritance line.
-But it's not a dream.
-No well. Then we sacrifice some slaves.
-I don't think we do.
-It's the mood for it among people.
We do it, Orm.
Then I make a chief decision
on it and say we do it.
Good. Come on.
Come on.
Odin, accept our second sacrifice!
Odin, accept our third sacrifice!
Bring our men home.
Wait! Are you
100% sure I have to be sacrificed?
I'm pretty sure of that.
Sacrifice is not an exact science.
-But I think I'm driving.
-Yes, okay, okay.
But you guys
has sacrificed two slaves already.
You are not afraid
that the gods think you're trying too hard?
I like the way you think.
Very positive that you get involved.
-But I think we're just driving on.
- I thought I should mention it.
If one regrets, so be it
not sacrifice particularly reversible.
Ship! There's a ship coming!
-Thanks, Odin!
-See that. After all, it held two slaves.
Let's note it behind the ear.
-Hello, Frøya!
-You were, yes.
You can pretend you're happy
to see your husband. This is going to be stupid.
So good to see you! So good to see you.
Look at you, yes. Got color and stuff.
-Hi, Orm.
-Tell then.
-Some cool episodes, right?
- Lots of cool episodes.
Unfair to the other episodes
if one episode needs to be highlighted.
It went into one with fat episodes.
Lots of internal jargon.
-You didn't know anything anyway.
-Next time I have to join.
I had it with my back.
But I'm better now.
You can be proud of your wife.
Frøya participated in the looting 100%.
Join in quite a bit
many of the rapes as well.
Frøya coerced lots of monks.
I was taken to bed -
- when you suddenly
moaning ...
-Did you do it?
-Of course. It does belong.
-Maybe it was a little unnecessary?
-I do not know.
It belongs to the whole package.
Had you been on a raid,
- You had a little more information though
how the world works.
-Are you going to the guild tonight?
-Yes of course. Doesn't everyone have to?
We should not cool down a couple
lukewarm horns with mead with us first?
Well ... Now everyone has from the boat
agreed to gather before the party -
- pour out some mead too
our dead warriors and marble a little.
You came a few moments ago.
We should not be reminiscing
the last moments of the boat.
We must remember
the first monastery we raid.
Got it. It probably doesn't hurt
whether I'm a fly on the wall there?
-I can bring my own chair.
-Yes ...
It gets very cramped
if people start bringing chairs.
I can stand outside and watch and talk
with those going to the toilet ...
I wonder if anyone said:
"One, two, three, no one else."
-Yes, that was it.
- Surely it is not run down in stone?
-You have to respect that.
-Otherwise, it doesn't mean anything.
It loses its magic.
It becomes something people just say.
You know what?
Afterwards we meet in the guild hall.
-We do. It'll be fine.
-After you guys ...?
So can we.
I can go myself, then!
One little thing before I forget it.
On the ship
I wore a cape.
I lent it away
to one of your colleagues -
- who promised to return it
when we reached our destination.
-Could you ask a little?
-Do not think so. Come on.
-There it is! There it is.
-Hi!
-It's me you borrowed the cap from.
- This is mine.
-Is it yours?
-Yes.
It's a bit of a coincidence if
we use the same tailor in Rome -
- and have the same family crest.
I highly doubt that.
-But thats how it is.
-You can't even believe that.
You wear it amateurishly.
You dirty it.
-So you don't like dirt?
-No, who does?
-Open your mouth.
- I'm not going to yawn.
-No.
Up. Up. Up, up.
Like that. Don't bite.
-Whose cape is that?
-Your.
What you don't get ...
I take it up with the management.
-Hey you. Hello. You're new here, right?
-Yes.
We have to share straw, we two. Kark
my name is. I should actually ...
I was to be sacrificed today,
but then I got away.
There was branding instead,
so I shouldn't feel lucky.
It's fine here, right? Shall
do I show you where to sleep?
Yes, here we sleep, then.
Good and warm among the animals.
You're kidding now, right? I will
do not sleep among goats and chickens.
-That's great, this.
-Top?
Yes.
-You're not going to plunder reunion?
- Of course I should.
-Can't we take a mead here?
-No.
-What are you wearing around your neck?
- This? Munk chain.
-A kind of trophy I made.
- Is it a dick chain?
-It's from the monks, yes.
- Are they fighting, right?
Do you become hard with such a thing
utensils, it is quite a crisis after all.
After all, you are right on the ground.
The blood goes from the head down.
-You're guaranteed to faint.
- They don't care.
-This is the standard size.
-I have the same gear myself.
This is completely abnormal.
Poor people! What a handicap.
Friends.
Brothers. Warriors.
We will celebrate that Odin has brought us
safe across the ocean and back home. Toast!
And not least, we should celebrate that we
has found the way to the country in the west, -
- a country so full of wealth that
we will never experience another year again -
- no matter how miserable the chief vicar
had to steer when I'm gone.
Now it should be celebrated.
Shame on anyone who doesn't get drunk!
-Yeah ... That's a good thing, then.
-Yes.
My race step has fallen asleep.
The benches inside are so hard.
They could cost
an animal skin or two.
-The race step falls asleep so fast!
-Rasstappen?
-Yes. Don't know what the race step is?
-No.
The pin sticking out between
penis and hole - on the perineum.
The one who stays
when you are happy or excited.
I've always called that race step.
See you in there.
The horse saw no difference
on horseshoe and dandelion.
Quite quaint
that we name plants.
It doesn't know the horse.
Olvar ... Liv ... My lady ...
It means "beautiful soft" in English.
Language Mighty?
Welcome back from the cruise.
Heard you looted well?
Yes, it was awesome really.
There was something
i could help you?
Yes, one small thing really.
You still have that farm?
-Yes, biggest in Norheim.
-And it's still going well?
It runs so it laughs.
That's what I wanted to talk to you about
about. I dig you. You know that.
I admire you
for everything you have achieved.
Thanks for that.
Cheers for that. Cheers to Arvid!
Then I thought I would
challenge yourself to an islet.
What? Holmgang?
Yes. Then the winner can take over
the property and the wife of the loser.
Because that's how the rules are? It is
that's how the rules are, isn't it, Olav?
-Votes, what you say.
-But you own nothing!
No. But that's how the rules are.
And it gets too stupid not to
make use of the regulations.
I've built up
this farm from nothing.
It respects
i really appreciate you too.
I, Arvid, challenge
hereby Olvar to Holmgang!
Olvar?
-Olvar, are you sitting here hiding?
- I'm not hiding.
-I sit and think.
-You can just forget to hide.
Unless you are lined up for it
the islet, you will be biting, ostracized.
It's just that Arvid is so tough.
He has been trained to be
a warrior since he was a baby.
He must have killed a thousand men. I
have not taken in a sword until today.
Don't be so crazy
on the defensive. You can beat him.
-It's 99% about setting.
-Does it?
Yes. If you raise 5%, and he
lowering down 5%, a lot is done.
-Are the margins so small?
-Yes.
If you also think a little outside
box, then anything can happen. Good luck!
-We'll see over there.
-We take away.
I have agreed to follow
with some girlfriends.
-Which girlfriends?
-Whatever. Old girlfriends.
-Shall I close the door?
-Yes, close the door, you.
-Sure?
-Yes!
Olvar.
-There you are. It was in the Earl's time.
-You wanted to exchange coins for poison?
Yes, that's right on a dot. I have
mess me up some islet here.
-Give me your sword.
-Yes.
-Don't give the sword with the tip first.
-Sorry.
It is
the deadliest poison you can find.
A scratch in his skin,
and he's dead in seconds.
Okay. Thanks.
I am indebted to you forever.
-I got money from you.
-Yes, yeah. But that's how you say.
Yes, so far. Just in this
the case was the money that mattered.
-Okay. Thanks.
-You're welcome.
Odin, today you must
get a new guest in Valhall.
Can I say
a few words before we begin?
Yes. Olvar would say a few words.
Many of you
don't give me a chance.
To you I want to say something I have
carved on this rune stick.
"Little strokes fell great oaks."
-That was it?
-Yes.
I didn't quite understand it.
What I mean to say to you, Arvid,
is that you will regret -
- that you challenged me to Holmgang.
This is the stupidest thing
you ever did.
Oh well. Why are you saying that now?
Do you have a secret weapon?
This is the last thing I would say
to you: Pride stands for ... fall.
-For ...?
-Fall.
Then there was a lot of nice talking.
Get ready.
May the best man win.
3, 2, 1. Run Holmgang!
Farm owner, that is!
Yes! It's totally wrong!
-Yeah, it was us, then.
-Yes.
-Nice.
Ol! You're really strong.
Kiss Me.
(Singing)